here's an incredible piece of security
camera video it's from Lexington
Kentucky woman was working at her
family's tobacco shop two men tried to
rob the shop and got a hell of a lot
more than they bargained for it was just
another Friday night for Zara Adil she's
the one behind the cash register
checking out customers but then you see
two men walk in slowly they have masks
on and their heads are down one walks up
from behind and demands cash he has a
gun
Adil listens and opens up the cash
register but then you notice he sets his
gun down
giving Adel an opportunity to take
control so I picked up the gun and I
pointed to the second guy running around
someone shoot you he leaves his
partner-in-crime behind now it's just a
dill and the other man he attacks her
the to wrestle Adel says she shoots the
man in the shoulder
he's now begging for his life the 21
year old told the man she would let him
go if he promised to leave the money
alone but as you can see he goes right
for it oh that's
broke the deal we have the man takes the
drawer full of money and heads for the
door but not without a fight Adele grabs
the man in the to tangle up the man
eventually gets away but without the
money
joining us now and the big Cisco screen
the hero from that
I was incredible so tell us what
happened I was just my mom she had just
left for like an hour and I took the
we left the door cuz she had been
robbed in the first week of January so I
had locked the door at 6:50 and a
customer's inside and was taking about
10 to 15 minutes and I decide to walk
away from the door
and meanwhile I was taking a customer
and a moment's change for a hundred
before I could do anything
two guys came in and I look up and
they're going towards the office and I
was like to go walk up to him to tell me
you can't go that way
turns out he turns into the register
start the demanding money
Wow hadn't had anything like this ever
happened to you before no it hadn't have
you ever fired a gun before
no how much money were we talking about
here that you put your life in danger
for fifteen hundred fifteen hundred
dollars and where did you learn how to
fight like that I'd like to see you take
on the one of them Mayweather Pacquiao
fight I don't know if you're aware of
this because you news just came in but
you know they caught the guy oh yeah my
my neighbor oh your neighbor just yeah
and apparently he's potentially involved
in a number of other robberies so you
really you took down a serial a
potential serial robber
outside our Street here in Hollywood we
have a bunch of guys dressed up as
superheroes they do nothing here you are
dress up as a normal college student yes
what are you studying there at college
I'm biology but oh so then you can
operate on people that you shot I know
it's only the beginning of March but do
you think you'll be employee of the
month at the store you know bigs up now
do you have a do you have a message for
anyone who is planning to rob your store
put your gun down okay well that's good
advice
well thanks Jer I think you're very
brave don't ever do that again okay all
right very good that's very Adele
everybody hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for
watching it means a lot to me and if
you'd like to take our relationship to
the next level click the subscribe
button below
I'll wait for you